♪♪
-[grunting]
-[gunshots]
Many men serve me.
but none like you.
You think about it.
-The Jonzes are dead.
-[Caroline] No.
The daughter
may be fucking alive.
They never found her body.
I won't go down
for your mistakes.
Rojas Real Estate Group.
The cartel that killed
your family.
Uses RRG to wash
their dirty money.
and she's at
the head of it all.
My home is not for sale.
-[grunts]
-[Aunt Judith screaming]
-[thudding]
-[bone cracks]
They offered Aunt Judith
$4 million.
The CEO. Caroline Carver.
signed it.
What if Aunt Judith
was the only one
standing in their way?
-Who's your boss?
-Carmen Tiger.
[bouncer]
Want me to bring her over?
-[gunshot]
-No.
[Lena]
With two of theirs dead now.
you will need to be
more careful.
Time you joined
the 21st century.
[drone whirring]
[gunfire]
-[drone zooms]
-[keypad beeping]
[explosion booming]
[rumbling]
Fucking Federov.
Let's take North Miami.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[♪ choir singing]
[♪ dramatic music continues]
[car alarm chirps]
-[motorcycle revving]
-[gunfire]
[♪ Russian pop music playing]
[in Russian]
[horn blaring]
[♪ music continues]
-[glass shatters]
-[gunfire continues]
♪♪
[gunfire]
-[thugs grunting]
-[gunfire continues]
♪♪
[♪ music fades out]
[Federov] Hmm.
Ah. Rojas boys.
And Peña? What a thrill.
Been around so long.
little surprises me.
But this? Delightful.
Bring in his wife.
[approaching footsteps]
[Irina gasping]
My wife has nothing
to do with this.
Neither did mine.
[crying] Boris?
[chair scraping]
Sit!
It's... It's okay. huh?
[Irina breathing shakily]
-What is this?
-How do you Ruskies say...?
[in Russian]
[Irina whimpering]
It's okay.
I had a last moment
with my wife.
[gasping]
You should have one
with yours.
[♪ ominous music playing]
[Irina crying]
It's okay. It's okay.
My darling.
Look at me. and let me see
those pretty eyes.
-It's okay.
-[crying] Boris.
It's okay.
[crying softly] Boris.
[gagging]
[coughing]
Irina. what is the matter?
[gasping] I can't--
I can't breathe.
[Irina choking. gagging]
You poisoned my wife?
[continues gagging]
You poisoned my wife!
No. You did.
-[Irina groans]
-Thallium.
[♪ ominous music playing]
Tasteless. odorless.
-highly soluble.
-Please!
Absorbed through the skin.
-[continues gagging]
-[Federov grunts]
[Irina] [in Russian]
Pomogi mne! Boris!
Your chef works for me now.
-[Irina] Boris!
-[Federov clears throat]
My wife does not deserve
suffering!
-[gunshot]
-[Federov gasps]
Oh. no.
[Federov] No. no. no!
[choking]
[gagging]
[♪ intense music playing]
[continues choking. gagging]
Sweep everything.
We need to be prepared
in case they regroup.
♪♪
We did it.
Doubled our territory.
If the old man
could see us now.
You're gonna need
someone you can trust
to run Northeast Miami.
You ready for more
responsibility?
-I am.
-[chuckles]
My little brother.
all grown up.
Gonna run Northeast Miami
for me.
Start thinking about your team.
♪♪
[camera shutters clicking]
-[reporter 1] That looks great!
-[reporter 2] One more.
[reporter 3] To the--
To the left. To the left.
[shovels clink]
In two years. Abaka will
stand where we are now.
A skyrise in Little Haiti
that will meet
the needs of affordable housing
and support local businesses.
[applause]
[camera shutter clicks]
Congratulations. Ms. Carver.
You did it.
Even when you tried to stop me.
Stop you?
You bribed Claude Louis
to vote against my project.
I had my re-election
to consider.
And I told you. I have ways
of getting what I want.
And so you have.
And now I want your job.
[chuckles]
You'll have to wait four years.
-I'm leading in the polls.
-[phone notifications chiming]
[people murmuring]
The news is live.
Let's see how long
that lead lasts.
now that you have competition.
[reporters shouting]
Mrs. Carver. what prompted
your bid to run?
As a Miami native.
serving the people of this city
and making it
a safe place to live
is a calling close to my heart.
[reporter]
Mr. Pierre. any thoughts
on the recent development?
Uh. no comment at this time.
Thank you.
[reporter 2] Mrs. Carver.
when did you make this decision?
-[reporters continue]
-[Etta scoffs]
♪♪
[Etta]
She didn't waste any time.
The house is gone.
The trees. even the banyan
with the swing.
My Chevy is gone.
And Tati Judith.
[♪ solemn music playing]
I'm gonna make this right.
You have added
Caroline Carver to your list?
-She hurt Auntie Judith.
-[Etta] I looked into her.
She hurt a lot
of other people.
The towers RRG
built in Miami?
Four people disappeared
when Caroline was bidding
for those projects.
The hotel she built
in Coral Gables?
Seven died
during construction.
Lawsuits have been
filed against her.
Wrongful deaths. negligence.
That bitch won every single one.
She destroys lives.
[Etta] Not for long.
[♪ tense music playing]
[Lena]
You have eradicated
seven of your 12.
Focus on your final five.
Judith Cheri stood her ground.
and Caroline Carver
had her killed.
You are surprised by this?
Yeah. She was innocent.
The world is rife
with injustice.
Aunt Judith mattered to me.
She mattered to people
I care about.
The Rojases are murdering
people who don't deserve it.
Ah. so you are principled. then?
What's that supposed to mean?
It's about more than just you.
It's about justice!
And you are the arbiter
of what is just?
Fine. Don't help me.
I did not say
I would not help you.
But a target like this
Caroline Carver.
that will take time.
A well-insulated target
requires painstaking
intelligence collection.
meticulous planning.
There are short-range targets
and long-range targets.
It is important that you
understand the difference.
Carver is long-range.
-Mm.
-I get it.
-So. I go back to the hive--
-No.
No. For now.
steer clear of the hive.
The cartel will have enhanced
their security
after your attack.
You have too much heat
right now.
-What am I supposed to do?
-[chuckles]
Call up the kid.
-Call up the kid?
-Yeah.
You are young. He is young.
Go do what young people do.
Have a life.
Avenging my family
is my life.
You need more in it.
You said the mission
comes first.
That does not mean
you cannot enjoy friends.
They provide the illusion
of normalcy.
[♪ "High Road" by
Charlotte Day Wilson playing]
[truck approaching]
♪♪
Hey!
-Allô. Matthew.
-Hi.
Okay. early bird.
Dad always said
on time is early
and never show up
empty-handed.
Okay. come on.
♪ I've seen the sun
from the sorrow ♪
[knocking on door]
♪ And only ♪
♪ Throw you a smile
from the high road... ♪
Come in. come in!
I've been wanting to meet
Dani and Lovely's friends.
-Mm!
-Hi.
Coconut and molasses cookies.
-Thank you.
-Mm-hmm.
Carmen. this is Stanley.
-Hello. Stanley.
-Hello.
And this is Matt.
Her boyfriend.
[chuckles]
-Hi.
-Nice to meet you. Matt.
I'd show you around.
but I have a feeling
you've been here before.
We have. Dani threw a party.
Stanley! [chuckles]
You did.
These are for you.
They're beautiful.
Thank you.
[laughter]
-How did you and Dani meet?
-[Matt] Mm.
At the club.
She put me on blast
-over Giacomo Casanova.
-[Etta laughing]
She dropped
some serious knowledge.
Gotta watch out
for that sponge brain of hers.
Yeah. No doubt.
[Lovely]
What about Lauderdale?
We could afford
a two-bedroom there.
Good area.
[Lovely]
Dani and I share a room.
You and the kittens
take the other.
I have a friend
looking to rent
a two-bedroom
a mile up Biscayne.
We could be neighbors.
Dani. you interested
in being neighbors?
That sounds great.
I'll send you the address.
Meet you two there
before work tomorrow.
-Thank you.
-Mm.
[Lovely] Mm.
-[bottles clinking]
-'Kay. Bop. bop.
[Matt] Your boss is cool.
Yeah. She's become
like a second mom.
Any interest in meeting mine?
You have a second mom?
My OG mom.
Oh. no. Hesitation.
It's just brunch.
It's very low-key.
You want me to meet your mom?
Well. not if you're gonna
ghost me.
I'd love to.
[approaching footsteps]
I need to borrow Dani.
Yeah. Of course.
You. come with me.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I put this together for you.
[♪ poignant music playing]
[Carmen sighs]
Oh. I remember that one.
God.
Where did you get these?
Letters your mom sent me.
[Etta]
I've never seen this one.
Must have been taken
before I was born.
[♪ poignant music continues]
It was.
My mom noted pictures
on the back.
[chuckles]
Wait. this has your name on it.
You and my dad were together?
I saw him first.
What happened?
He met your mom.
They fell in love...
and had you.
My mom stole him from you?
That's why I've never met you.
-Well. no wonder you hated me.
-I didn't hate you.
I just didn't see you coming.
That is why it was so hard
for me to let you in.
You two were sisters.
How could she?
I spent a lot of years
asking myself the same question.
And she spent a lot of years
begging for forgiveness.
I couldn't bring myself
to do it.
Until now.
What changed?
You.
You taught me that blood
isn't overrated.
That family does matter.
[♪ gentle music playing]
These are the last
of Federov's boxes.
[♪ tense music playing]
-To doubling our territories.
-Salud!
-[glasses clinking]
-Salud.
Mm.
[Mateo]
No more kicking up
to the Russians.
[Peña] The Russians
won't let that go unanswered.
Let them come.
[Samuel] I'm going to be
running our new territory
in Northeast Miami.
You earned it.
I'll need a team
I can rely on.
Yeah. I'll recommend
our best men.
I want you to be my advisor.
♪♪
What do you say?
I would be honored. Sam.
If not. it's on...
Thanks for stopping by.
Francisco.
We both have work to do.
[♪ tense music playing]
Señor.
-I'm gonna head out.
-To do what?
Check on the Jonze woman's
sister
to determine how exposed we are.
Elias can handle that alone.
We need to discuss your future.
I'll report back.
You're gonna need
some good men with you
when you start running
our new territory.
Loyal. Reliable.
Who were you thinking?
-Elias.
-Dad's attack dog.
There's a lot more to him
than what Dad saw.
You certainly see something
in him.
You don't?
[Mateo]
I see something. alright.
[♪ tense music playing]
Elias met with Federov.
He was missing when
the Russian bombed us.
He was looking into Juan Acuna.
-He betrayed us.
-You don't know that.
It's all right here.
[♪ tense music continues]
Dad warned us
this day would come.
Elias needs to be put down.
-Mateo--
-You need to be
the one to do it.
Why?
He won't see it
coming from you.
[♪ intense music playing]
[items rustling]
[♪ gentle music playing]
[♪ ominous music playing]
Carmen Tiger.
Who the fuck are you?
Elias Perez.
[♪ ominous music continues]
Are you looking for this?
[gun clicking]
Don't worry.
I'm not going to shoot you.
I'm here to talk.
About?
Juan Acuna.
[♪ ominous music continues]
Did you know there are
only 26 Juan Acunas
in all of Miami?
He got what he deserved.
For?
Killing my sister.
my niece. my nephews.
the entire family.
I understand on principle.
I have principles. too.
You're a fucking gangster.
[sighs]
How did you discover Juan?
You think you cartel fuckers are
the first bad guys I've hunted?
So. you are hunting us?
You... I'm killing.
[breathes deeply]
I don't think so.
You broke into my house.
asshole.
Deadly force is on my side.
I just want to talk to you.
-[vase shatters]
-[grunting]
-[Carmen yells]
-[knife slices]
-[Elias grunts]
-[items crashing]
[both grunting]
Stop!
-[knife slices]
-[Elias yells]
[Carmen yells. thuds]
[panting]
Stop.
[exhales sharply]
[both grunting]
-[both yelling]
-[wall smashing]
[both groaning]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
-[Elias grunts]
-[kick thuds]
[Carmen yelling]
[Elias thuds]
[both grunting]
[both groaning]
[Elias yelling]
-[Carmen yells]
-[kick thuds]
-[cord yanks]
-[Elias groaning]
[thuds]
[both grunting]
[vase shatters]
-[Carmen thuds]
-[Elias thuds]
[both groaning]
♪♪
[winces]
-[grunts loudly]
-[flesh squelching]
[knife clatters]
[grunting]
[grunts sharply]
[♪ intense music playing]
[♪ music intensifies]
[gunshots]
[both groaning]
-[panting]
-[grunting]
-[sighs]
-This is the right address?
Yeah. 34284
Northeast 10th.
This could be our new home.
Carmen is 20 minutes late?
I'll try her again.
[keypad beeping]
[line ringing]
[♪ foreboding music playing]
-Nothing.
-That is strange. no?
Yeah.
[tires screeching]
[Carmen groaning]
-Oh. my God.
-Carmen!
[door closes]
I'm fine.
Who did this to you?
Guy in the other room.
He's still alive. Barely.
That fucker killed my mom.
-Hey! Leave him.
-Okay. She needs help.
Cops and medics
are on the way.
Why did he attack you?
Told him I killed Juan Acuna.
But you did not.
He didn't need to know that.
[♪ foreboding music continues]
-This is my fault.
-No. it isn't.
It's a decision I made.
To protect me!
Protect us.
Hey.
[exhales sharply]
I'm fine.
No tears.
[exhales sharply]
I'm gonna kill him for this.
No!
Listen to me...
He will get
what's coming to him.
It doesn't have
to come from you.
[siren wailing in distance]
[Carmen groans]
That's my ride.
Time you two got lost.
-Where are they taking you?
-St. Gabriel's.
Okay. we will see you there.
See you there.
Go on.
-[sirens continue]
-It's okay.
[Etta] Shit! He's gone.
Go! Go!
[sirens wailing]
There he is.
I'll meet you there.
-Where are you going?
-After him!
-Elias is getting away!
[Carmen] Dani! Leave it!
Hey. don't do this!
Dani!
[softly grunts]
-[♪ intense music playing]
-[car starting]
[engine roaring]
-[tires screeching]
-[gasps]
[engine revving]
[tires screeching]
[gasping]
[horn blaring]
[brakes squealing]
Fuck!
[♪ ominous music playing]
What happened to you?
Jonze wife's twin.
-Her twin?
-We're exposed.
-[door closes]
-She found Juan.
Hunted him down
and killed him.
Is she's coming
for the rest of us?
[groaning]
If she survives. yeah.
[Samuel] You need a doctor. no?
Okay. Let me do it.
Let me do it. Let me do it.
[winces]
-[groaning]
-Oh. God. she got you good.
I didn't know what
I was walking into.
[wincing]
[Samuel] I'm gonna
patch up what I can.
But you're gonna need more
than just a couple stitches.
There's a vet in Davie.
We can have our surgeon
do a house call.
There's no time.
Mateo's convinced
that you betrayed us.
You met with Federov.
You knew about the bombing.
I didn't betray you.
You need to get out of here.
You can't ever come back.
What do you mean?
What about Northeast Miami?
Sam. I-I... I can help you.
I can protect you.
[♪ tense music playing]
Mateo sent me here to put
a bullet in your head.
[shaky breaths]
For 30 years...
I've worked for your father...
his men...
for you!
I don't know where to go. Sam.
You'll figure it out.
Hmm?
[Elias sniffles]
Thank you.
Yeah.
-Let's get you packed.
-Yeah.
[door creaking]
[breathing heavily]
[grunts]
[Samuel]
Do you have any more bandages?
Yeah. One of the kitchen
drawers.
-[drawer opens]
-[items clattering]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[grunting]
[groans]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
You fucking met with Federov.
[groaning]
It's not what you think.
If you weren't working for him.
why did you keep his card?
You should've told me.
[panting]
I was never going to leave. Sam.
You are now.
[Elias screams]
[door creaking]
-[gunshot]
-Ah!
♪♪
[Samuel grunting]
[Etta]
Everything has a price.
For my brother. Nathan Jonze.
-[gunshot]
-[Samuel yells]
♪♪
[Elias gasping]
[knife clunks]
[♪ dramatic music continues]
[groaning. breathing heavily]
You took everything from me.
My mom...
my family.
I have wronged you.
I'm sorry.
You're sorry?
♪♪
[inhales sharply]
To lose one's family is a...
[trembling breath]
...terrible thing.
Mm-hmm.
I tried.
My most trusted friend.
[groans]
Go on.
You want to die?
I have no one else to serve.
The cartel you kill for? Hm?
No longer wants me.
Who did that?
A man I worked for.
Mm. Why?
'Cause he believes
I betrayed him.
-Did you?
-No.
Go on now.
Not today.
[grunts]
Get him on the table.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
You have cash for me
this time. right?
Ten thousand.
Hmm.
He's on death's door. chica.
Twenty.
[♪ tense music playing]
No. This is fucking trouble.
Ten more to keep him sedated
and restrained.
Restrained?
[in Spanish] Que locura. coño.
Twenty more
for your discretion.
[♪ tense music continues]
Wait outside.
[cell phone ringing]
Mrs. Carver.
[Caroline] I need a full workup
on Dominick Pierre.
Personal. financial.
voting records. campaign donors.
[Kincaid] You'll have
to call someone else.
Excuse me?
I no longer work for you.
My resignation letter's
in the mail.
I'm going back to the force.
That isn't wise.
considering your significant
financial obligations.
Mr. Kincaid.
I'll make do.
"Making do" will be difficult
after I file
a complaint against you.
[Kincaid]
Knock yourself out.
Mrs. Carver.
I'm returning to homicide.
where I helped put
murderers away.
Bye now.
[♪ tense music playing]
♪♪
Sam?
Sam!
Sam. Sam.
Hey! Hey. hey.
Hey.
Hey. Who did this?
-[weakly] A Jonze.
-A Jonze?
What. Sam?
Caroline was right.
The daughter's alive.
Elias isn't here.
Sam.
Sam! Sam!
[car door closes]
Why are you parking back here?
We have a passenger
no one can see.
[Lovely gasps]
He's still out.
Mm. [sighs]
You saved the life of the man
who killed your mother?
[Etta] I'm not saving
this piece of shit's life.
I'm just extending it.
-For what purpose?
-He's an insider.
He is a gangster.
Who's been betrayed
by the cartel.
There's a chance
he could be turned.
That is your plan
once he recovers?
To turn him?
Use him to get to the last four.
Four? You have five left.
No. she has four.
Dani shot the man
who killed her brother.
-Don't worry. No one saw me.
-[sighs]
Look. he was left for dead.
which means no one
will come looking for him.
He knows the Rojas operation.
how. how it works.
how far their reach is.
Why does that matter?
I want to destroy it.
An entire cartel?
It's the only way--
Stop them from hurting
anyone else.
♪♪
[Lovely sighs]
I understand.
♪♪
[door slams]
[body scraping]
[chains rattle]
The wrists. Both the wrists.
[shackles locking]
[Etta exhales]
Done and done.
[indistinct chatter]
Stanley Cheri.
I'm hungry.
Ah! You too?
-What?
-Save some for Carmen.
Which room is she in?
She texted 311.
Here we go.
[♪ foreboding music playing]
-[Stanley] Where is she?
-[Lovely] Stanley. Shh.
[Stanley] Did she die?
♪♪
[Etta gasps]
[breathing heavily]
-I am sorry.
-Mm-mm.
I'm sorry.
[indistinct chatter]
[computer keys clacking]
-Saved you a piece.
-Oh.
Thank you.
Mm!
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute. Don't tell me.
-Frudeco.
-[chuckles]
Delicious.
But your. uh...
your birthday's in January.
It's my going-away cake.
Going away? Where--
Where are you headed?
Jacksonville.
My dad's getting on.
I wanted to be closer.
It's the right thing to do.
Cap told me to give you
my unsolveds.
so I just sent 'em over.
Curious what the one
and only Kincaid
makes of these.
Ah. let's have a look.
Carmen Tiger.
She was murdered?
[Isabel] Home invasion.
Any leads on the perp?
Latino male. 5'11". late 30s.
blue suit. white shirt.
[Kincaid] Very specific details.
I pulled video from the victim's
home security cameras.
Wow.
Looks like he's. uh.
he's trying to subdue her.
Noticed the same thing.
-Why?
-That is for you... to answer.
Oh. whoa. whoa. wait.
Hold on. hold on a second.
What is it?
[Kincaid] Huh.
[chuckles] I knew it.
She's alive. Izz.
Who?
Etta Tiger-Jonze.
♪♪
[exhales heavily]
[♪ "Thingamajig"
by Miya Folick playing]
[lighter clicks]
[Etta sniffles]
[lighter clicking]
[drawer closes]
What are you doing?
-Leaving.
-You have nowhere to go.
I'll find a place.
-We will find a place.
-[Etta] No.
"We" can't.
-Why not?
-I'm dangerous to be around.
What are you talking about?
What happened to Aunt Carmen
is on me.
It's my fault
Elias attacked her.
It's my fucking fault
she's dead.
She warned me.
She told me
I'd pay in ways
I couldn't imagine.
and she was right.
I won't risk losing
anyone else I care about.
Not you. or you.
You will not lose us.
-You don't know that.
-Dani.
I have been running
from gangsters
for years. until I met you.
Look where it's gotten you.
Fired and nearly killed.
It has been messy.
But you are right to stop them
from hurting innocent people.
To balance the scales.
And to do that.
you will need me.
And me.
I pulled you from the ocean
because my mother meant
for me to find you.
Find me? Why?
You are the sister of my soul.
That's the message
from your dream?
We are on this journey...
together.
We are family.
And family does not leave.
We stand by each other.
♪ So take it all ♪
♪ I want to be
out of control... ♪
[crying] We stay together.
♪♪
♪ I am smiling wide... ♪
For you... sister of my soul.
I cannot accept it.
It is Carmen's--
She'd want you to have it.
♪ If you wanna be angry ♪
♪ I don't mind ♪
♪ I'll let you go ♪
♪ If you want to be angry.
I don't mind ♪
♪ I'll leave you alone... ♪
Bring it in. Stanley.
[sniffles]
This is close enough.
[chuckles]
[cell phone chimes]
-What is it?
-[cell phone clatters]
[kitten meows]
Matt. [sniffles]
Wondering if I'm gonna ghost
on brunch with his mom.
-Timing is bad.
-Agreed.
[Lovely] I am sure
he would understand.
given everything
you have lost.
But if you want him
in your life.
then meeting his mother
is an important step.
♪ I want to be out of control ♪
♪ Only you know
what to do now ♪
♪ Only you know what to do ♪
This is your mom's house?
Don't hold it against me.
[chuckles]
No promises.
My mom's gonna love you.
Ah.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
-Hola mijo!
-Hola. Mami.
[Caroline chuckling]
Mm!
And you must be Dani.
[♪ dramatic music intensifies]
♪♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-